[bitnami/ several charts] Redis dependency upgrade (#7481)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/oauth2-proxy/README.md

## Troubleshooting

Find more information about how to deal with common errors related to Bitnami's Helm charts in [this troubleshooting guide](https://docs.bitnami.com/general/how-to/troubleshoot-helm-chart-issues).

## Upgrading

### To 1.0.0

> This major update the Redis&trade; subchart to it newest major, 15.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This major update the Redis&trade; subchart to its newest major, 15.0.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/redis#to-1500) you can find more info about the specific changes.
```
